https://tryhackme.com/room/rpburpsuite

This report starts in the middle of the room, having done Task 1-6 yesterday. Also, I was already familiar with the content covered yesterday, so I am hoping today's content has some learning opportunities. Either way, I'm happy for the practice.

TASK 7: Target Definition
When starting a web application test, you'll very likely be provided a few things:

- The application URL (hopefully for dev/test and not prod)
- A list of the different user roles within the application
- Various test accounts and associated credentials for those accounts
- A list of pieces/forms in the application which are out-of-scope for testing and should be avoided

Answer the questions below

Before leaving the Proxy tab, switch  Intercept to disabled. We'll still see the pages we navigate to in our  history and the target tab, just having Intercept constantly stopping  our requests for this next bit will get old fast.
https://www.evernote.com/shard/s363/res/fc0b1794-8133-7505-73b7-d0bc9a77db3c


Navigate to the Target tab in Burp. In our last task, Proxy, we browsed to the website on our target machine (in this case OWASP Juice Shop). Find our target site in this list and right-click on it. Select 'Add to scope'.



Browse around the rest of the application to build out our page structure in the target tab. Once you've visited most of the pages of the site return to Burp Suite and expand the various levels of the application directory. What do we call this representation of the collective web application?
	site map
What is the term for browsing the application as a normal user prior to examining it further?
	happy path
One last thing before moving on. Within the target tab, you may have noticed a sub-tab for issue definitions. Click into that now.

The issue definitions found here are how Burp Suite defines issues within reporting. While getting started, these issue definitions can be particularly helpful for understanding and categorizing various findings we might have. Which poisoning issue arises when an application behind a cache process input that is not included in the cache key?
	web cache poisoning
